Chapter Seven: TRIALS

I have made mistakes been weak. I've made bad choices that I'm suffering for today, but here I am still alive. I still have a purpose in my heart. Everything I am going through and being through is shaping me into a supernatural creation making me strong in areas God needs me to be strong in for when he uses me in the future. I am learning I will use what I learn adapting every day just because I have made wrong choices doesn't mean things cannot work out for the best in my future. God will work all things for the greater good all I have to do is believe and have faith. I'm respond to the negative thoughts and energy with positive thoughts and positive energy.

Get ready, fire, aim = go out and do it learn what you are doing while you are doing it

On the other side of the storm is the strength you always hoped to have you grew it going through the storm.

I need to have a positive expectation that my future is going to be bright and I will make it out of this storm to the peaceful future. God has for me.

My soul is connected to my emotions. I need to take care of myself. Protect it from all negative stuff that affects me. I am responsible for my own well-being. I need to let go of things that have hurt being in my past release the bitterness, regret, and forgive. Pull up all the things that have taken route in your soul that worry you forgive yourself and move on. Stop treating the symptoms go deeper and go to the roof. Ask God to help you find the route get imbalance and as your soul gets better your body will heal you will grow stronger get honest with yourself and release the pain and stress. God will then restore you. Don't believe the lies of the enemy when he tells you it's too late.

Suffering in the storm is not permanent it will come to an end. God will use the strength we produce in the storm. There is a time of joy coming. God will turn things around. I will cry tears of joy. I need to learn to respond positively in the suffering focusing on God and how he will use the trial to bless me taking me to a new level of my destiny the suffering is a set up to position me to prosper in my purpose when I give God control and stop struggling God can work in the situation it will run its course.

When I am in a valley of death experiencing a storm I need to keep doing what is good and right and God will help me overcome the situation. It is only a detour to my destiny keep moving forward despite the bad breaks and attacks of the enemy. The enemy only attacks me when I'm close to achieving my goals I need to dig my heels in and say I am in it to win it and step out in faith that God is there to work in the situation and to give me strength to deal with the situation.

When I have pain in an area of my body, I need to give thanks for the rest of my body that is not hurting and thank him for working on the pain.

Don't be downhearted because you have not got out of the Valley or storm or overcome the challenges you face first time or even the 20th time. Just keep trying to do whats good and right.  keep practising it trying to get it right like a tennis player practising their serve you will get it right one day and be free.

I am being attacked by the enemy. I am a target. He works overtime trying to stop me. I have to remember I have been marked by God and he will help me. I am not too far gone, all I have to do is speak out in faith and keep doing what is good and write. I have dreams to accomplish a destiny to fulfil. God is fighting on my behalf. Breakthrough and favour is coming there is no storm too big for God to come. God has been fighting for me my whole life. The forces of darkness cannot stop what God has created and ordained. Every adversity is a sign of how important I am and my purposes is. God has an assignment for me and the enemy is trying to stop me. I need to just keep moving forward trust in God is working behind the scenes. He is bigger than the sickness and addiction. He will turn things around to get me where I need to be the enemy doesn't fight me because of where I am. He's fighting me because of where I'm going. Stop trying to fight in your own strength and let God fight for you receive the help and blessings, be graceful and receive help.

When we are tested in the desert by the enemy through temptation, it is an opportunity to receive blessing. When I pass the test, I receive the blessing the promotion comes after I prove myself faithful

The test lies in the storm, to pass it. I need to stay in faith that God will use all things for my good. He will use people to move me into my purpose fulfilling my destiny.. He uses detours delays, setbacks to strengthen us, position us to walk into the blessings he has for us. I need to just keep being my best. Doing what is good and right even when everything seems lost and God will move mountains to get me where I need to go. I need to have faith that he will use the situation to prepare me strength for me. Then I will grow. Grace will flow in me and through me.

When I'm off track, it is a sign that I have to reset my life style, my mind, my lifestyle and embrace the reset and enjoy the pain and have patience as I will end up back on track if I do.

We see miracles through fasting in prayer it is the prescription God gave us when we are suffering. Get your eyes off of the problem and focus on God in Jesus and their promises given to us. Take authority over your flesh, meditate on the word of God. Speak life and victory over everything don't worry God can do anything. Don't underestimate God have faith trust.

I am able to prophesy over myself ‘I am restored, I am strong, I am pain-free’ don't listen to others when they say you are sick don't let that get in your heart.  listen to what god calls you. “healed, well able, strong.”  a person of humour.” stop explaining to others what your flesh feels like this only reinforces the suffering you are speaking curses over yourself. Speak blessings what you hope for.” I am pain-free, I am blessed, I have a wonderful family, my family are healthy and strong, I am healthy and strong, I am healed, I'm going to achieve the purpose God put in my heart.” don't listen to whatever call you listen to God. Don't go through life letting others prophesy your future. Take authority over your life, body and strongholds that have been holding you back will be broken and you will be what God has put in your heart and who he has created you to be God will restore me. Believe that your best and healthiest days are ahead of you God has anointed me I will flourish like an eagle like a palm tree. I have been divinely called to do good and be a blessing to others.

I can be blessed during the storm God can put favour over my life during the famine, he will bless me unexpectedly when I honour God and keep him first place and wait in expectance, hope, faith I will receive God's grace. Take the limits off of God believe all things are possible god will work behind the scenes and use the obstacles to promote me. Unexpected blessings will come my way.

I need to believe in faith and not fact. Ignore the fact the lies and have faith. I am going to get well and heal, God will set me free. I need to believe and do my bit but only letting the things I hope for run through my mind not the things I fear. The battle is in my mind. Overcome the lies of my negative enemy. God will bless me in the midst of my suffering and free me the conditions don't have to be right for me to receive all I have to do is believe don't let the facts talk you out of what God has put in your heart.

I need to listen to my inner voice that is trying to guide me. No matter what even if it was not fair not what I feel like doing and lose what I have worked hard for and it means I must give up what I desire.. Trust God will bless me with double if I pass the test of obedience. God will restore the years that have been stolen. He will restore all that I have lost and released favour in my life and I will walk in grace he will give me influence and opportunity.

I'm in the middle of a crisis, healing, transitioning. I need to learn how to function in the middle, keep balanced, God knows what I'm going through he knew I was going to go through it and he has given me grace sufficient to get me through this. I need to Believe so I can receive the grace. Be patient know who you are hold onto who you are in the midst of the storm God will not leave me. He has not brought me this far to leave me now he has prepared me for what I'm going through and dealing with right now. I need to go to God and let him take control and ask him for strength.

God has prepared me and equipped me for the storm I am in. I am more stronger and powerful than I think, when you feel weak, say out loud “I am strong.”

Through all the attacks I experience from the enemy I get stronger and stronger. I will push through it will all take me to my destiny, it will all promote me. God has armed me with the strength for every battle. Declare victory in the midst of the struggle in the midst of the battle in the midst of the storm, God is preparing me for the wonderful things in my future. God has made me into a mighty hero. Courage is rising up within me, my dreams are coming back into focus. I can see myself successful in everything I want to do. I no longer listen to the enemy or the goliath in my life. I am in agreement with God, I am not going to just survive. I am going to thrive. I am blessed, I am strong, I am healthy, I am loved I am moving in the right direction. Don't listen to your flesh, listen to your spirit listen to God and his promises I have been designed to overcome this situation. God will kill me. I am the light in this world. I need to be an example to the rest of the world shine my light and stand out shining bright.

Don't pray for victory pray from victory, don't listen to the enemies lies. I will live and not die. God has already taken care of all I will face. Jesus defeated the enemy. Just have faith and move forward. God has taken care of all I am suffering with. Jesus's victory is my victory.

When a storm hits my life, I need to keep standing in faith with my hopes up stand with my eyes on God in the faith that what God has promised me will come to pass. God has brought me through many storms of testing. Every storm is a test to see my strengths god allows the storm to establish me.

My illness is my thorn in my flesh. It will make me more like Jesus and set me up to be a powerful man of God and make a difference in this world. Only I can remove the thorn or understand how it can be removed. Through the way I live. So train yourself to make your body your slave only you know your weaknesses work on them. The fall in my flesh will save me from myself. It will limit my options so I can get a grip and learn to take authority over my flesh. It is not fun or easy, but it is necessary for you to achieve your purpose. The thorn makes up for the deficiency, the lack of our likeness of Jesus as Jesus is in our character in that area of the thorn in our lives. It limits our ability in that area so we can be safe. It protects us from ourselves and stops us from going too far off track. The phone is painful it trains us to achieve what we need to achieve so we can function in our spirit.

Create your own life make each day great follow your positive faults make positive choices. Make your own way in the valley of death. Choose the positive path plant flowers alongside it and look at the sunrise enjoy it.

I need to think like I'm free, walk like I'm free, act like I'm free. God has broken all the chains that have been holding me back.

Don't panic in the value of death there we will be blessed, game experience stay in faith and trust God. Each setback happens for a reason. God works in mysterious ways, God's ways are not my ways, God's plan is not my plan. The skills I learned in the valley of death will help me the strengths I gained will take me to where God needs me, taking me to the next level of my purpose. What I learned in the valley is a blessing that will take me to the top of my mountain. Trust God is with you he is the God of breakthroughs. Rename the value of death you find yourself in. Name it the value of blessing. The value of breaking through and healing

The heavy favour of God is what can overcome my weakness, my mistakes and my bad choices and take me to places I cannot get to on my own. Take me to places I could not imagine. God will supersize my dreams and hopes. I need to get my hopes up and speak faith over my situation and pray bold p.

When you are struggling, suffering in a storm in a Valley of death don't try to escape through the things of this world E.G alcohol, pornography, gambling go to God sit out the storm with him.

Put your future in God's hands enjoy the storms that hit. And you will bounce back. Don't let these storms, attack attacks of the enemy break you, push through them trusting God will restore me. He has army with the strength to bounce back from every storm and every attack every time I bounce back, I am stronger. I am wiser and I'm closer to achieve in my purpose.