Chapter Six: PEACE

Our imagination is powerful. It will have an influence on your behaviour and your reality fear and faith are fuelled by imagination overcome fear by imagining what you hope for and focus on that believe that is going to happen. Trust God will make it happen and he can do it

I need to build walls around my heart and spirit to keep out the toxic energy and the attack of the enemy when there is an attack just turn away and walk away. Let it go. People will get jealous of the anointing over my life. I need to guard my heart think on things that are good and positive hopeful faith field and stop worrying about what is out of my control take whatever is a worry to God and pray on it be still trust God to work it out, God can only work me and through me when I'm in peace at peace nothing can affect you without your permission. You allow someone to offend you.

Do all that is in your heart trust God face your fear take it to God and step out in faith cast your cares to God.

I need to have a positive expectation that my future is going to be bright and I will make it out of this storm to the peaceful future. God has for me.

God has what I need stored up for me all I need to do is have faith and step out trust and believe he knows what is best for me. Stop trying to make things work my way stop settling for something that is not right for me. stop trying to obtain something that is not made for me. God has all I need specially made for me.

God created me and he has set up a path for me to walk. All I have to do is walk. He will use people and situations to come into your life to make things work out don't worry and try to do things in your own strength just trust God has set up all you need and step out in faith god orchestrate what happens when you give him control? Trust him what God has ordained for me? Nobody else can use it if it don't work out it was not meant for me. God has things prepared that I could never. Have imagined blessings that will bless my whole family. The dream in my heart is too big for me to achieve on my own. I need to let God work in my life. Don't let people talk you out of what God has put in your heart, I don't see how it can work out because God has not put it in their heart. Thank God in faith for all that is in your heart.

I need to have the level of faith in God that will raise me out of this situation. I will only get lifted to the level of my faith so I believe and you will receive no matter what you hope for have courage. God is with you he can do anything rest in peace and trust God

My soul is connected to my emotions. I need to take care of myself. Protect it from all negative stuff that affects me. I am responsible for my own well-being. I need to let go of things that have hurt being in my past release the bitterness, regret, and forgive. Pull up all the things that have taken route in your soul that worry you forgive yourself and move on. Stop treating the symptoms go deeper and go to the roof. Ask God to help you find the route get imbalance and as your soul gets better your body will heal you will grow stronger get honest with yourself and release the pain and stress. God will then restore you. Don't believe the lies of the enemy when he tells you it's too late.

Depend on God for your safety and protection

Follow peace let it lead you put on your shoes of piece each morning there is power in peace.

I need to acknowledge God before I do anything I need to realise that when I do, it's a sign of humility and I need him to help me.  it will activate God power and give him the space to work through me and others to bless us and each other “God please help me get home safely”

When I have pain in an area of my body, I need to give thanks for the rest of my body that is not hurting and thank him for working on the pain.

Peace = wellness

Be anxious for nothing pray to God about the problem persevere in doing what is good and right praise God for all he has done and what he's doing seek God help, trust God, receive his peace and calmness.

I am being attacked by the enemy. I am a target. He works overtime trying to stop me. I have to remember I have been marked by God and he will help me. I am not too far gone, all I have to do is speak out in faith and keep doing what is good and write. I have dreams to accomplish a destiny to fulfil. God is fighting on my behalf. Breakthrough and favour is coming there is no storm too big for God to come. God has been fighting for me my whole life. The forces of darkness cannot stop what God has created and ordained. Every adversity is a sign of how important I am and my purposes is. God has an assignment for me and the enemy is trying to stop me. I need to just keep moving forward trust in God is working behind the scenes. He is bigger than the sickness and addiction. He will turn things around to get me where I need to be the enemy doesn't fight me because of where I am. He's fighting me because of where I'm going. Stop trying to fight in your own strength and let God fight for you receive the help and blessings, be graceful and receive help.

I need to find a lifestyle that brings me peace and health and healing.

I can't survive and fight the enemy attacking me alone. I need to trust God in Jesus my brothers and sisters in Christ.

I need to listen to my inner spiritual ear. It is my sensor guide don't ignore it. It is God sending you the prompting the guidance, the wisdom. Be sensitive to the direction and pay attention to the steel small voice. It is subtle, developed the art of listening to my spiritual ear my heart. Follow the prompting. Voice has been there most of my life, I have just ignored it. I have a spiritual air that guides me, I need to use it, learn to listen with it because God will save me from the bad breaks, he's trying to keep me on the best path, before you do anything, check your heart for peace. It is God's way of showing you what to do. When you feel an and rest and unease, it is God saying no stop. When you feel peace, God is saying go yes. God gives you a vision and you need him to guide you and help you to fulfil that vision. Pay attention to God's voice and guidance. To fulfil your calling and find peace and healing and joy

I need to build patterns of rest and joy into each day. Adrenaline and cortisol buildup in your body I need to reduce it by finding joy in difficult times.

We see miracles through fasting in prayer it is the prescription God gave us when we are suffering. Get your eyes off of the problem and focus on God in Jesus and their promises given to us. Take authority over your flesh, meditate on the word of God. Speak life and victory over everything don't worry God can do anything. Don't underestimate God have faith trust.

I am able to prophesy over myself ‘I am restored, I am strong, I am pain-free’ don't listen to others when they say you are sick don't let that get in your heart.  listen to what god calls you. “healed, well able, strong.”  a person of humour.” stop explaining to others what your flesh feels like this only reinforces the suffering you are speaking curses over yourself. Speak blessings what you hope for.” I am pain-free, I am blessed, I have a wonderful family, my family are healthy and strong, I am healthy and strong, I am healed, I'm going to achieve the purpose God put in my heart.” don't listen to whatever call you listen to God. Don't go through life letting others prophesy your future. Take authority over your life, body and strongholds that have been holding you back will be broken and you will be what God has put in your heart and who he has created you to be God will restore me. Believe that your best and healthiest days are ahead of you God has anointed me I will flourish like an eagle like a palm tree. I have been divinely called to do good and be a blessing to others.

Endure = longevity, stay in the situation, with faith and hope, persevere, to endure is how to receive breakthrough and be restored. Encourage yourself.” I am going to make it.” I am going to have a breakthrough or a breakdown. Tell yourself to get up and endure. God is in my corner. He has the final say and he will provide me with what I need to overcome. You will never know how strong you are until you need to be strong. I can make it through this with God. Give God this situation and he will work in it and through it with me and make it work out for me to my good.

I have to release control give it over to God let go and let God's will be done. Put my dreams on the altar. Sacrifice them and then you will make room to receive what blessings God has for you and receive it. Show God you don't need things your way to be happy. God we will make things happen that I could never dream of. Release the worry, fear, stay in peace and trust God to do what you can't do. Cast your cares to Go.

God will resurrect my dreams and restore health back to me.

I was brought to Jesus by the Holy Spirit he was revealed to me. I want to reveal Jesus to others teach them enough to introduce them to Jesus and God and let the Holy Spirit do the rest. Teach them what I have been told what has been revealed to me share my revelations.

I need to listen to my inner voice that is trying to guide me. No matter what even if it was not fair not what I feel like doing and lose what I have worked hard for and it means I must give up what I desire.. Trust God will bless me with double if I pass the test of obedience. God will restore the years that have been stolen. He will restore all that I have lost and released favour in my life and I will walk in grace he will give me influence and opportunity.

Through all the attacks I experience from the enemy I get stronger and stronger. I will push through it will all take me to my destiny, it will all promote me. God has armed me with the strength for every battle. Declare victory in the midst of the struggle in the midst of the battle in the midst of the storm, God is preparing me for the wonderful things in my future. God has made me into a mighty hero. Courage is rising up within me, my dreams are coming back into focus. I can see myself successful in everything I want to do. I no longer listen to the enemy or the goliath in my life. I am in agreement with God, I am not going to just survive. I am going to thrive. I am blessed, I am strong, I am healthy, I am loved I am moving in the right direction. Don't listen to your flesh, listen to your spirit listen to God and his promises I have been designed to overcome this situation. God will kill me. I am the light in this world. I need to be an example to the rest of the world shine my light and stand out shining bright.

God will fight for me to get me where he needs me. I do not need to get there through my own works and efforts. I need to rest and receive the grace of God.

I am my father god's child, he watches over me. I am loved I am safe. I am under his protection and his supplier of blessings.

I need to reset my ways and trust God to guide me and make a way for me. Die to self and give my life to God stop trying to go my way and follow the way God has made for me.